Ye Qianqiang, you dare to touch my people
Jiu Ye is Zhou Jinhu who kidnapped my old friend
I'm just trying to reason with him
Golden Tiger naturally has his reasons for doing things
What do you want to reason about?
Go away sensibly
Otherwise, I will make your Ye family barren
Grandpa, you have to make the decision for me?
What happened to my weird grandson?
I have a crush on the daughter of the Ye family
He doesn't like me.
Can you say a few words for me?
Ye Tianqiang, listen up
My grandson has a crush on your daughter
That's your daughter's blessing.
After your daughter marries my grandson
I'll cover you on the road
Or I'll make you fall from heaven to hell
That can't be done.
I can't be bold for my daughter's happiness
You dare to go against my disciple
Old man, come here and I'll slap your ears
Who are you to be so happy to talk to this old man?
Godfather, this kid is a fucking security guard
You hit me two days ago
A security guard dares to talk to me like this
It seems that I am immortal, and the justice of the Qianqiang Group is unbearable
You wait.
I'll be right there.
Ok godfather
I'll wait for you.
Angry Jiu Ye
Let me see how you die